[Silabs] : Lighting App CRTP refactor (#71752)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: examples/lighting-app/silabs/README.md

workings of Matter as well as a template for creating real products based on the
Silicon Labs platform.

## Extending Base App Implementation

### CustomerAppTask

To implement custom app behavior you can override any Silicon Labs implemented
API in the CustomerAppTask file. This example provides
[`CustomerAppTask.h`](../../platform/silabs/customer/CustomerAppTask.h) and
[`CustomerAppTask.cpp`](../../platform/silabs/customer/CustomerAppTask.cpp) for
that purpose. The base implementation and the full set of overridable `*Impl()`
APIs live in this example's source tree under
[`include/AppTaskImpl.h`](include/AppTaskImpl.h) and
[`src/AppTask.cpp`](src/AppTask.cpp). Any `*Impl()` you do not override keeps
the Silicon Labs default behavior. To customize behavior, copy
[`CustomerAppTask.h`](../../platform/silabs/customer/CustomerAppTask.h) and
[`CustomerAppTask.cpp`](../../platform/silabs/customer/CustomerAppTask.cpp) from
`examples/platform/silabs/customer/` into this app's `include/` and `src/`
folders, then update the corresponding paths in `BUILD.gn`.

### How to Override APIs

> `CustomerAppTask` extends the base AppTask through the Curiously Recurring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CustomerAppTask` derives from the base AppTask through the Curiously Recurring
```
